Include flag to optimize SBF programs for size (#5552)
anza-xyz/agave: CHANGELOG.md

* `cargo-build-sbf` and `cargo-test-sbf` now accept `v0`, `v1`, `v2` and `v3` for the `--arch` argument. These parameters specify the SBPF version to build for.
* SBFPv1 and SBPFv2 are also available for Anza's C compiler toolchain.
* SBPFv3 will be only available for the Rust toolchain. The C toolchain will no longer be supported for SBPFv3 onwards.

> * `cargo-build-sbf` now supports the `--optimize-size` argument, which can decrease program size in about 20%.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `cargo-build-sbf` now supports the `--optimize-size` argument, to optimize the program size at a potential of using more CUs.
```
